excuse it's a little crowded you mind if
we sit here could you scooch Oh move
over thank you we're gonna keep on
coochie
over there my why is what's wrong with
me
tonight Tim I have a feeling I my wife
is sleeping with her gynecologist how do
you know well you know he's got access
you're not you to feeling you get you
know like when you go bowling and you
know you're in somebody else's shoes if
they won't so you went to peeps what
happened why is it happening to me I
don't know maybe it's my wound it's not
healed yeah you know it
Thomas this is gonna be hard I wanted it
to come from me and nobody else what do
you do it's me I've been sleeping with
you work
so you're the gynecologist hey I'm
trying to have a private conversation
all right
enough and you are no longer my friend
we are finished no no more you are a
bastard for doing it
so Monica what were you gonna tell us I
have no idea